Release notes (#503)
tweag/ghc: docs/users_guide/8.12.1-notes.rst

Highlights
----------

* The :extension:`LinearTypes` extension enables linear function syntax
  ``a #-> b``, as described in `Linear Haskell: practical linearity in
  a higher-order polymorphic language

>   <https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/linear-haskell-practical-linearity-higher-order-polymorphic-language/>`__.

Reviewer: We should link the proposal, rather than the paper, I think. https://github.com/ghc-proposals/ghc-proposals/blob/master/proposals/0111-linear-types.rst

  The GADT syntax can be used to define data types with linear and nonlinear fields.

>   Note that this extension is considered experimental and the details
>   are subject to change. Further refinement is planned for future versions
>   of GHC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension is considered experimental: it doesn't implement the full proposal yet and the details
  are subject to change.
```
